and then personal beauty was the DJ being more
a video for you
and this time she's bringing here one
little warning to you that a
without posting a video because
I'm dedicating myself to an analysis
xabi alonso blue the team hat
How are you going to see the screen on the screen?
take a little while to leave the video
because I have to devote enough
this analysis because the analysis of a
player of the year and even one more
field is much more difficult to
do than an analysis of a balotelli
an agueiro for example since he is a
half he's a defensive midfielder yet then
All the keys from the little one here to
I'll leave some bids here.
This team I'm playing for you.
enjoy personal beauty or else I
I'm paying for here and told you.
Wait, the video will be very good.
even then he even spoke of the real